Add guide for Triggers and Functions (#49)
RedisInsight/Guides: src/quick-guides/triggers-and-functions/keyspace-triggers.md

> Functions can react to events within Redis with key space triggers. Most of the events are triggered by command invocation but includes also events for when a key is expired or evicted from the database.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Functions within Redis can respond to events using key space triggers. While the majority of these events are initiated by command invocations, they also include events that occur when a key expires or is removed from the database.
```

> Functions within Redis can respond to events using key space triggers. While the majority of these events are initiated by command invocations, they also include events that occur when a key expires or is removed from the database.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Functions within Redis can respond to events using keyspace triggers. While the majority of these events are initiated by command invocations, they also include events that occur when a key expires or is removed from the database.
```

> For the full list of supported events, please refer to the [Redis Key Space notifications page](https://redis.io/docs/manual/keyspace-notifications/#events-generated-by-different-commands/?utm_source=redis\&utm_medium=app\&utm_campaign=redisinsight_triggers_and_functions_guide).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For the full list of supported events, see the [Redis Key Space notifications page](https://redis.io/docs/manual/keyspace-notifications/#events-generated-by-different-commands/?utm_source=redis\&utm_medium=app\&utm_campaign=redisinsight_triggers_and_functions_guide).
```

The following code creates a new key space trigger that adds a new field to a hash with the latest update time. 

Load the code in your database:

```redis Load keyspace example
TFUNCTION LOAD REPLACE "#!js name=myFirstLibrary api_version=1.0\n 
    function addLastUpdatedField(client, data) {
        if(data.event == 'hset') {
            var currentDateTime = Date.now();
            client.call('hset', data.key, 'last_updated', currentDateTime.toString());
        }
    } 

    redis.registerKeySpaceTrigger('addLastUpdated', 'fellowship:', addLastUpdatedField);" // Register the KeySpaceTrigger 'AddLastUpdated' for keys with the prefix 'fellowship' with a callback to the function 'addLastUpdatedField'
```

> Add a new hash to.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add a new hash.
```

> Add a new hash.

Reviewer 2: maybe add a bit of a business explanation here?
